well hello there my dear
who's ever listening to this my name is
energizer uh no aggravator
no wait dagnabbit i'll get myself
together and remember my name correctly
oh ebenezer yeah that's how my mom pot
called me
i ain't nothing special but it's only
yet
i just been born a year after all
my mom's a beautiful lady she's in her
mid-40s now
just the age to have seniors like me
my paw is a big and kindly fella
listening to my blabbering with a smile
on his bearded face
i saw their pictures of yore before my
time and paul was a boldy back then
but now his hair is so thick ma's hands
get lost in it
they keep telling me i'll be a good lad
when i grow young
i love them so much well i'm tired now
need some beauty sleep here every gays
are out
hey there it's been a while since i
recorded something here
i'm 10 now and it's an awful good time
to be alive you know
i go to school have lots of friends
there
it's a lot of fun to study and during
breaks we play
bridge i love math and literature
you have to make your gears turn to
understand those numbers and analyze
books i read a lot too so i'm the best
in my class
can't stand p e though my joints aren't
saying no
thank you exactly for making them run
and pump iron
billy's good at that he says he's going
to be an athlete when he's young
looking at his physique i kind of
believe him
okay the break's over time to get back
to my studies
ebenezer out i'm 20 now
and life's becoming a virtue i just
graduated from college
been here for close to five years a big
deal
i'm officially a master of science now
i'm thinking of becoming a doctor
but i'm not sure my mom and paul will be
all right without me
they're already growing too young now
and i'm afraid they'll get in trouble if
i'm not there
once paul went to a party and didn't
come back for three days
got my worried sick she gave him a huge
slap when he finally turned up
they made up real soon though youth is
passionate you know
i used to hate pe at school but i love
it now
every chance i get i go running in the
nearby park
and even ask my parents to get me a gym
membership for my birthday
it's so good to feel those old bones
creak less and less with each passing
day
oh incidentally gotta go for another run
now
see in 10 years i guess ebenezer out
[Music]
hey you know what a pain it is to care
for 270-somethings
all they want to do is throw loud
parties at home
have sleepovers every weekend and fight
with each other over some petty stuff
every time i leave for work i'm
terrified of what i'll see when i get
back in the evening
once i came home and couldn't even open
the front door because one of their
friends decided to take a nap right on
the porch
and whenever i tried to bring this topic
up with mom or dad
they chide me for being insensitive
insensitive
they say they brought me up as a good
man but they deserve to have the time of
their lives after so many years of hard
work
okay i surrender
[Music]
the only person who understands me is
felicity i'm a civil engineer
and we met at a construction site she's
a bit younger than me but that's fine
she also has to put up with her parents
who are moody all the time
she thinks they've joined some sort of
goth subculture or something
and they keep telling her that she's
wrong for taking up such a
mundane job as a construction supervisor
when we started dating we decided we
give our parents some space
so we often leave for long vacations
together while they demolish our houses
oh there she comes well time for me to
go then
ebenezer out
[Music]
hey remember me these past 10 years have
been grand
felicity and i got married and now we
take care of our parents together
and it's awesome they're all in their
80s now and having fun at kindergarten
while we're at work and we take them for
barbecues bubble parties and theme parks
afterwards
they get their retirement benefits all
right and leave them for us to take care
of
they say we're the best kids they could
wish for and i've never been so proud in
my life after hearing this
it's actually mom's birthday today and
she and dad invited all their friends
from the kindergarten
and from her previous job my personal
favorite's jenny
she's a little mischief all right she
spooked both me and felicity
hiding under the table when we were
cooking dinner and then jumping out at
us from there
and felicity adores donny that old boy
seems really serious at first glance
but that little grin of his speaks
volumes about him
and i've got the best news ever for
dessert last year
we got our very own senior can you
believe that
we named her cecilia after her grandma
hey cece
say hi to this thing here uh she's shy
sitting all day in that rocking chair of
hers and trying to knit
can't walk by herself yet so we move her
around the house in that thing
she loves it always cackles with that
toothless laugh of hers
felicity is now running after donny
around the backyard with a broom
i think he stole a piece of the birthday
cake from the kitchen
gotta go help her i guess cheers
ebenezer out
hey we uh we've been living without our
parents for three years now
the last year was the toughest i guess i
never thought babies needed so many
diapers
it was hard to prevent them from falling
wherever they crawl too
but cece helped us a lot by the way she
was only seven
and just started going to school but she
loved cooing over them
and rocking their cradles we showed cece
their pictures when they were seniors
just like her
she didn't recognize them of course they
were so old and gray
meanwhile felicity and i are on our way
to retirement
and we're so looking forward to it i'm
and she's 54 which means we're entering
our prime now
we decide to let cece live on her own
when she's young enough
and have been looking at various holiday
homes in the country
i'm rooting for the wind in the
mountains we've been doing a lot of
mountain climbing lately
and i feel felicity is with me in that
well i'll keep you updated in a decade
ebenezer out hey yeah it's ben again
yeah i discarded that awfully boring
name so
i go with ben now what can i say being
over 60 is no piece of cake
oh lizzy is always pounding about
something
and i think she's jealous of me for
hanging out with lana
but she also keeps saying dan this dan
that
as if dan is everything she can think of
we had lots of fights about that
and once i even spent most of my
retirement benefits on a rented
apartment and stayed there for two weeks
when i got back we promised each other
never to speak with lana or dan
ever again cece seemed frustrated with
us
way too often come on give me a break
can a married couple get some life after
retirement
she calls us every evening and friends
to come to our place if we don't behave
since when has that old girl become so
adult i wonder
huh okay anyway will says the zip line
from the top of the mountain is ready
we're going for a flight of our lifetime
ben out how do you use this
oh yeah hey hey it's ben
ebenezer i'm 72 today
did you know that cece says i have to
record something to
come come commemorate this date
i don't know what to say but i want my
cake already
cece where's my cake
well hello there it's franklin speaking
my grandpop's ebenezer left this device
for posterity which
i guess i am he's 84 now and
mostly lying around in his little bed
but mom tells me lots of stories about
him and grandma
i think i'll take up his tradition and
let his legacy live on
oops little benny soiled as nappy gotta
go now
franklin out